without stru from the drum department
I'm going to show you a groove here so
the groove is based around the inverted
double for events just it's not exactly
what I do but based around the whole
idea it's basically two parts and the
first part uses an inverted double
between the kick and the hi-hat and
sounds like this second part of it is
triple a we talk about the playing the
ghost note after the backbeat because
that's really important okay
so I play the ghost note after the back
whole thing slim whole thing slow crack
that over and over again and then put it
up speed how many times you practice it
three four times three four times okay
and you put a really cool feel in front
of it that you didn't rip off from
anyone not anyone like no names only
shove your phone